# Regular Investment - A Life Transforming Strategy

*—— Have time be on your side and continuously enrich you...*

**Li Xiaolai**

July, 2019

*You just couldn't afford to miss this book...*

https://b.watch

---

## 8. The key to the success of a Regular Investment strategy lies in psychological construction.

The most amazing feeling of living for a lifetime is:

> Obviously everyone is in the same world, with the same blue sky above their heads, the same earth on their feet, breathing the same air... but everyone is often feeling differently, thinking differently, and making different decisions.

It’s not the same, as it’s the **opposite**. The principle of this phenomenon was written in detail in The Road to Freedom of Wealth.

You see, the same price curve is a smile curve in some people's eyes. In other people's eyes, it is a diametrically opposite curve. The situation and feelings that follow are completely different. Then what you do is very different.

You see, the same trading market, for some people, it is a zero-sum game, so the trading market is basically a casino for them; but for others, the opposite, the trading market has always not a zero-sum game, but it is the best place to keep up with economic development.

You see, facing the same investment target, facing the same price, in some people's eyes, it is a good opportunity to sell. In other people's eyes, it is a very different opportunity to buy. This is the most ironic:

> The two sides of the trading market in the trading market should clearly cherish each other after the transaction, because they indeed build a mutual relationship, but they are always secretly calling each other idiot and then trying to find another idiot. ......

You see, Li Xiaolai’s books are also cleanly divided into two factions. Some believe that this is the best guide for practitioners. Others believe that this is definitely chicken soup. Even if it is not a poison chicken soup, it is also a comfort to sell anxiety!

You see, we live in the same world. Some people firmly believe that the solidification of the hierarchy has already been completed, and ordinary people have no chance. Under the same blue sky and the air, we calmly draw another conclusion: **ordinary people have an opportunity to go beyond the class to solidify, and still regardless of national boundaries, regardless of region, regardless of race, regardless of gender, regardless of age, regardless of height, fat, thin and beautiful, regardless of sexual orientation!**

This is the **mirror world** I often mention. In the mirror and outside the mirror, it seems to be the same world, but any point in these two worlds is completely opposite!

Imagine if you lived for a long time in a world where the left-hand rudder was driving to the right, such as China; then, suddenly one day you went to the UK, suddenly you had to drive the right rudder to the left... You must feel frustrated more or less, although it’s not a world you can’t adapt to, it takes a while to get used to it; otherwise something bad is going to happen.

This is the dilemma we face when we suddenly enter another mirror world – but the danger here is more violent than adapting to the direction of road traffic, because accidental failure can also be a disaster of death, or still let you live and suffer.

In addition to the trading market, I have never seen a field that is almost **entirely dependent on psychological construction** like the trading market.

All learning and progress are done by the brain. All adjustments or corrections are done by the brain. All dangerous perceptions and risk avoidance are done by the brain. All uncontrollable dangerous emotions are generated by the brain. The conjecture reasoning and the long-term verification are all fermented in your own mind and then ended... In short, everything happens in your brain.

Everything outside the brain is virtually insignificant - according to Buffett, almost everything is just **noise**. Outside the trading market, it seems that this is not the case. Among the trading markets and the skills it needs, it is the only one that I can read as a martial arts novel, even a mythical story, or a legend about the blame of the gods, which can be regarded as effective content. The most important ones are only one word: cultivation, or practice - because we humans only have almost only one organ to do this - our brain.

Here, insert a quoted text:

> … His peculiar gift was the power of holding continuously in his mind a purely mental problem until he had seen straight through it.
> … His peculiar gift was the power of holding continuously in his mind a purely mental problem until he had seen straight through it.

This is Keynes's assessment of Newton's words. Newton’s work is really not complicated; in fact, it is not different as our ordinary people spend a long time to completely understand the Regular Investing strategy from all angles.

Therefore, for me, the Orthodox experienced old leek who has eight years of experience in the blockchain trading market, the biggest experience and the biggest insight I can share is:

> **Pay attention to psychological construction** - this is the single most important job.

How to optimize the psychological construction? the answer is:

> **From the moment you enter the market, you only make a Regular Investment.**

I have also used a different genteel description of the sentence before:

> **How to solve problems? Only by Regular Investment!**

Prior to this, many of the benefits of the so-called "a series of quality targets" such as the [BOX](https://b.watch) were mentioned in many places:

> 1. Effective dilution opportunity cost – this is the homework that qualified investors must do.
> 2. The bet is on the development of the entire industry or the entire economy – this is the way to find the only investment target that has long been up not down.

However, the biggest benefit is here:

> Adopting a Regular Investment strategy will make any ordinary person become a **passively intelligent** investor from the beginning!

What is passive intelligence? The so-called passive intelligence means that a person may not be smart, but because it chooses the right way to act, and even all subsequent decisions and actions automatically become smarter. The best example is one of the principles I mentioned in "Self-study is a craft": I value all the clichés. A self-study, no matter how ordinary he is, as long as he accepts and insists on the principle that it is simple and can't be simpler--paying attention to all the old things--then, then any of his decisions and behaviors in the field of self-study will be automatically become smarter, until it's absolutely smart!

I have been a teacher for so many years; I usually first explain the reason to the students, and then find ways to guide the students to follow the truth, and then supervise, correct, and perhaps even overcorrect my students. After a lot of frustration, students may finally familiarize with the truth, and then it is only possible for a small number of students to achieve a positive result. Isn't that the case?

When I looked at the investment strategy of Regular Investment, I was surprised to find that its magic is that its role is reversed. If you are not sure to fixed investment, you never know the benefits. Once you start to invest, it will in turn let you see other people's mistakes, it will in turn let you avoid overcorrection, it will in turn let you know the truth, and it will automatically guarantee the best results... Unless you not do, as long as you do,  it is right. Conversely, as long as you don't do it, it is wrong and unbiased.

Therefore, for those who trust me around me, whom I also think have good psychological quality, I usually only have one sentence to make them also do it directly:

> **Stop saying nonsense, you will just fixed invest in [BOX](https://b.watch) just like you pay back your mortgage by straining all your muscle.**

Let’s take a closer look at the main points of the Regular Investment strategy:

First of all, the result of **long-term buying** is to automatically complete the “ **long-term holding** ” that most people think it is very difficult to adhere to, and you become a **patient** person.

Second, the **regular buying** plan automatically turns you into the most rare kind of person: **a disciplined** person.

Also, every time you invest a certain amount, the implied meaning here is that it automatically turns you into a person who **acts according to his or her resources and ability** .

Many beginners usually ask me, "Can I invest 100 yuan a month?" - I said, of course! They may also ask, "Is there a minimum quota for the Regular Investment community?" - I said, "No!"

Why am I so decisively answering it? Because every time you invest, it is entirely your personal decision! [BOX](https://b.watch) has no management fee! No one will make more money because you invest more, and no one will make less money because you vote less. No one will compensate your loss and you don’t pay for management fees, so this design is to tell everyone a fact:

> **Everyone has to make their own decisions that are worthy of their own.**

A lot of beginners didn't realize the contradictions that they thought—because they hadn't thought deeply about the great significance of the simple and easy-to-use strategy of the Regular Investment.

You think, since you have chosen to invest, it means you are not just taking the little money you invested in the first time, and your bet is a lot of money that will have been invested for a long time, and the time and effort it takes to earn money on the sidelines. The number of "gambling" is very large, the number of "bets" is very high, and if you do well, they will continue to grow bigger and continue to get higher...

Therefore, under the strategy of Regular Investment, **even if you find a hint of "not worthwhile", you should definitely not start to invest** - because your capital is your irreplaceable future, under the Regular Investment strategy, "your future" the rich capital is invested, and the opportunity cost is infinite! How do you take it lightly?

You see, this is **passive intelligence** . You may not be an experienced veteran, but just because you have a deep understanding of the meaning of the fixed vote, you suddenly raise the screening principle to the highest level in the market; no matter how many old birds there are, no one can surpass you in this respect. You are suddenly the smartest in this regard, because the principle you use is the highest level of the entire market! Of course, you have seen it before, and because of this, we use the simplest and most rude method to effectively find the target that only rises and does not fall in the long run!

So, when you decide to vote, you have already filtered the target with the highest level of principle; otherwise you can't gamble with your future! So, once you start, are you willing to try? You try with RMB 1 yuan... After one or two cycles, the target has risen 100 times, so you have 100 yuan in your hands! Feel it? After you have thought through it, be sure to treat yourself and your future seriously!

Therefore, this so-called " **measured by force** ", in addition to clearly telling you on the one hand " **don't borrow money to invest** ", on the other hand, clearly tells you from another direction, " **Do not save money on investing money.**"!

You see, it’s magical and powerful. It’s like the pinnacle of the mythical story. It looks like a stick. It’s simple and plain, but if you really want to pull it out and use it, it may still require many years of practice! However, once it is used, the effect is really amazing.
