# Regular Investment - A Life Transforming Strategy

*—— Have time be on your side and continuously enrich you...*

**Li Xiaolai**

July, 2019

*You just couldn't afford to miss this book...*

https://b.watch

---

## Conclusion

I hope that I can explain it to you - I know it is very difficult, and you will also admit that it is really difficult when you have been reading here.

To put it bluntly, I just pass the simple and certain facts to the public indiscriminately:

> **We are all ordinary people, but each of us actually has the opportunity to live not ordinary.**

The method is also very simple:

> Within your active boundaries, you need to continue to strengthen mental construction, and desperately think of ways to make money off-site; at the same time, outside the active boundaries, you need to actively choose [BOX](https://b.watch) , and use the money you earned off-site regularly invest... ... In the long run, you can use the magical passive power generated by the trend to gradually get rid of the shackles of class solidification - and finally, you will gain freedom.

Looking back, it is not a day or two for me to write books. The publication of "Treating Time as a Friend" is also a decade ago.

This time, my mentality of writing "Determining Destiny" is very different, because it seems to be the most practical one in the methodology of my communication - the way of practicing is too clear, and the goal is very realistic and exciting.

So, this is not just a printed version of the text type book, but it is actually a very complete product:

> - Practice Methodology: Regular Investment
> - Practice target: BOX
> - Practice additional supply stations: [b.watch](https://b.watch)
> - Practice community: Xiaolai's classroom of Regular Investment

This is actually a direct result of the re-emergence of programming in these years.

On January 2, 2019, I finally started to rewrite a book I wanted to write more than ten years ago, a programming book that was really friendly to beginners. In July 2019, ["Self-study is a craft"](https://github.com/selfteaching/the-craft-of-selfteaching) was put on sale. A few days later, the book became the "No. 1 in the new book list of computer books". In fact, on March 15th, 2019, after I put the electronic version of this book on the github, I became the world's first open source project that has been ranked 16th.

I am learning programming not for writing the code for all the products I want. My purpose is simple:

> If I know a little more, then I have the ability to connect with good programmers more effectively and communicate with them at a lower cost...

If it is not that I do understand a little, now I can't provide you with a complete product and practice environment. Isn't that the case?

What motivation is it that makes me do something like this? I have a sentence called:

> **Practice makes perfect!**

It is not a shackle, but a **practice**. I admire practice, for what cannot be practices is useless. If I can make a clear statement and provide the standard and environment of practice, that would be great, isn't it?

Many years ago, my wife gave me a song, and the lyrics are like this:

> The most romantic thing I can think of is to grow old with you...

I laughed, and then I said, this may be you, but I think different. She asked, what do you think?

I said,

> The most romantic thing I can think of is to **grow rich with you**.

Although it doesn't rhyme, it seems more romantic. Do you know what is the most romantic? Many years have passed and I have done it.

Actually, this is not my original. Before reading this book, Warren Buffett did not understand most people. He is very surprised that one thing, why don't people like to get rich slowly? I only think about getting rich every day, but I can't achieve it at all, and then I will die in rudeness. Why can't you accept getting rich slowly? Why don't you like to get rich slowly?

Now, I want to change the sentence that I said to my wife that year.

> **The most romantic thing I can think of is watching you get richer.**

You hear, see, think, always **do it** until the end - is there something happier than this?

And I, from thinking to doing it, now have the opportunity to watch others finally because of my sharing - there are more romantic things than this!

**Li Xiaolai**

July 12, 2009, in Beijing
